feat(vite-plugin-nitro): prerender content dir routes (#833)
analogjs/analog: apps/docs-app/docs/features/server/static-site-generation.md

## Static Site Generation

> ### from routes list

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### From Routes List
```

}));
```

> ### from content directory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### From Content Directory
```

You might want to prerender all routes that are the result of a rendered content directory.
For example if you have a blog and all your articles are places as Markdown files in the `contents` directory.
For such scenarios, you can add an object to the `routes` config to render everything within a directory.
Keep in mind, that your directory structure may not be reflected 1:1 in your apps path.
Therefore, you have to pass a `transform` function which maps the file paths to the URLs.
The returning string should be the URL path in your app.

> Using `transform` allows you also, so filter out some routes by returning `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using `transform` allows you also filter out some routes by returning `false`.
```

> This will not include them into the prerender process (e. g. files marked as `draft` in the frontmatter).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This does not include them in the prerender process, such as files marked as `draft` in the frontmatter.
```
